WIP: Listing write steps for Core and Enterprise (#5881)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/shared/v3-core-get-started/_index.md

InfluxDB rejects all points in the batch.
The response is an HTTP error (`400`) status, and the response body contains `parsing failed for write_lp endpoint` and details about the problem line.

> For more information on data durability see [Data Durability](./durability.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on data durability see [Data Durability](/influxdb3/version/reference/internals/durability/).
```

Links are always absolute path URLs. `/version/` gets replaced with the actual version defined in `data/products.yml`.

InfluxDB rejects all points in the batch.
The response is an HTTP error (`400`) status, and the response body contains `parsing failed for write_lp endpoint` and details about the problem line.

> For more information on data durability see [Data Durability](/influxdb3/version/reference/internals/durability/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the ingest path and data flow, see [Data durability](/influxdb3/version/reference/internals/durability/).
```
